In this lecture we're going to be learning about why we should use a Microsoft template and what it
should contain.
So first of all Microsoft is template is called Project that can be used to start off from when developing.
New Microcircuits that should basically save us time.
So think Gupte are called Project.
Why is it important one thing got any project there is usually a significant amount of time spent creating
project structure and adding set up related code such as security concerns an issue of connections to
databases and referencing towards the acquired libraries.
No in a monolithic or multi-tiered architecture this sort of thing will be seen as negligible in the
long run because it will only be done once or maybe a couple of times but in a Microsoft architecture
where we can have tens or even hundreds of micro services and this set up needs to be done for each
Microcircuits this sort of thing becomes more significant.
And so we should have our micro service template containing similar called required for each Microsoft
is set up to make creating a new Microsoft Project as fast and easy as possible.
The template should contain cross-cutting concerns.
For example set up of the logging and application metrics components and connection set up and configuration
to databases and message brokers can also contain the project structure.
So for example you can include a unit test project inside the macro service templates or maybe a domain
project if you're following domain driven design.
But of course that depends on how you're structuring your code inside each macro service.
You can also include any code that you think will be required in many of your future macros services.
And don't forget that the main objective of the micro service template is to save you time in the future
so it's worth investing a bit of time in this up front as it will pay off later.